Uncle, he became like this to save me
Let's take him to the hospital
I made some inquiries.
Shen Tianlan has a little niece who dotes on him very much
He's meeting a director here today
Room 8206
Thanks Xiaoxi
Shen Tianlai can hold a gun to his father's head
Force him to give in
Not an easy one to mess with
Are you sure it's only about stepping on the Shen family?
I have a chance to avenge my parents
I had no choice.
You woke up, you scared me to death.
Why are you so stupid?
Did you know that you almost got killed just now?
Anyway, later
You are my best friend Shen Yueyao
I got your back.
Because I think you look a lot like the old me
uncle
My uncle saved us.
Is that better?
Thanks.
Since you are Yue Yao's friend
Then let Yue Yao call him uncle
Yes, little uncle
And
I asked Rosen to start you an entertainment company
In the future, you should have less contact with those who are not three or four
Got it, uncle
Mr. Shen is really a monstrous interpretation
Mr. Shen, I found yesterday's surveillance
Miss Xu stared at Miss Shen for a long time
Was deliberately approaching him
Do you want me to warn him?
No, without my permission.
Don't let anyone near him
Xu Xi
You delivered this yourself.